hi I spend the new year comes down in
the dark because there was a power
outage and half the city was out I
finally thought up a solution though but
2016 was already come see I have this
power inverter for use in a car you
connect it to your cigarette lighter or
directly to the 12-volt battery and it
generates AC output so you can use it to
power your stuff at home you can't drive
your car into your home but you might
have a battery operated drill that runs
on a 12 volt or 14 volt battery then
you're set let's connect it up I
probably connected backwards my luck is
I never connected right the first time
no it doesn't work are you kidding me
not only it's completely broke and it's
50 amp fuse is blown who designed this
reverse polarity protection relying on a
50 amp used to blow seriously it's not
cutting your to prevent pregnancy I
replace the fuse and now if I connect my
machine multimeter to the input
terminals of the inverter in Reverse I
can clearly see that there is a diode
drop voltage across the terminals this
is the circuit they have if we connect
the battery here the current goes
through the fuse here and powers the
circuit here but if we connect the
battery backwards like this then the
diode forward biases and there is a huge
current through the fuse that blows the
fuse and it can't even protect a circuit
here even their data says a reverse
polarity connection will result in a
blown fuse and may cause permanent
damage to the inverter absolute garbage
well this is both no I have to buy a new
inverter this wasn't even the focus okay
let's see is there anything on sale let
me test a couple of these and see if it
has the same crap circuit well this one
has a diode drop - Wow even the cat has
the same crappy protection seems like
the same person designed all of them I
will just get the cheapest one dear
inverter designers this is the circuit
you need keep your fuse change your
diode to a TBS diode and use a MOSFET in
this configuration for reverse polarity
protection anyway I have my drill
battery and I have hooked up my masha
meter so we can measure the current and
voltage on my phone now we connect
and turn on the inverter here we go we
have around five amps from the battery
at 12 volt which draws 60 watts from the
battery this is good but it drains my
puny drill very quickly so instead I can
use an LED light and you see it only
draws one amp or 12 watts from the
battery so this is gonna last much
longer and provides the same brightness
now I'd like to plug my inverter into
the outlet of my house so I can power
more things and for that I made this
harness that you can plug to both sides
first you plug into the industry any
time you connect the power harness
connected to your load side first so you
wouldn't short your power supply or
shock yourself this is probably the most
stupid harness one can make because it
exposes high voltage on both sides so
don't make it let's very carefully plug
it in yes we have to make sure our load
is not powered from a different source
like the green city power the issue is
that although both these sources are 120
volts AC they are different in many ways
the yellow sine wave is the city voltage
and the Green Wave is the output of the
inverter you can see that they don't
have the same shape they are not in
phase or even have the same frequency so
connecting them together shorts their
voltages badly so in order for me to
power a room from a plug I have to
disconnect the main power and some heavy
loads like the washer and the fridge
because my inverter cannot take that
much power actually that's pretty dumb
it's better and easier if I just
describe that specific room which are
ladies breaker number three now we can
safely plug them in
apparently it was breaker number two
always make sure you open the correct
breaker by connecting the light or
something into the plug but here's a
redneck way of knowing which one is the
correct breaker just short the plug in
question and the correct breaker opens
don't do it one last try there s working
two lights my phone all working one
thing you should realize is that your
phone line or internet doesn't
disconnect when there is a power outage
so this way you can bring them back
complain the problem is that my puny
drill that we can't last for long but if
you have one of these larger batteries
like this one for example that has 7.2
amp hours it will last for much longer
let's turn on the TV by my inverter and
measure the current it is drawing 16
amps from 12 volts so it is around 200
watts my battery is 7.2 amp hours and
drawing 16 amps from it will shorten its
life quicker we need a car battery
with this I plug the entire set up into
my inverter the TV digital box my phone
radio and even the light the set up is
drawing around 22 amps from the battery
and my battery is around 75 M hours
which means it will last for more than
three hours so I'm set okay let's return
the battery you know there are these
things called ups or uninterruptible
power supply that output HC have their
own battery and charge it to maybe they
are worth the investment gave away time
you know this mushi meter has become
increasingly handy it would be a shame
if I had to give it away yes I'm giving
away 10 multimeters to my patrons at
patreon.com no matter what mushi means
in German you can also buy it from these
sources and you know I want to make some
secret videos that I don't want everyone
to see available to my patrons hopefully
that's a good idea